>> Hello I'm Chantal Westerman.
One of the most
unique opportunities
we have here at
Wisdom Television
is a great access to
some of the most popular
and widely read authors,
spiritual leaders, and speakers
on the holistic circuit today.
We at Wisdom Television believe
that now more than ever,
people have begun personal
journeys, spiritual journeys.
So I'd like to ask you to
join us for a brand new series
here on Wisdom, called
the "Wisdom Workshops,"
and you'll be able to meet some
of the people who are leading
us on those journeys.
I ask that you bring only
two things, an open mind
and a willingness to look at a
different kind of television.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Every one of
you in this room,
you come here this weekend
to the Whole Life Expo,
because there's a part of
you that wants to learn more
and want to gain more wisdom,
and there's another part of you
that wants to heal.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I talk in my book
about the difference
between our soul's perspective
and our physical perspective.
We do have-- we, us
conscious, our conscious minds
our bodies--
we do have a different
attitude about things
that our soul does.
Our soul sees things from a
higher perspective, all right?
Our soul can actually
look at an experience
and say, OK, I need
to go through this,
and I'm going to give you
an example of something that
happened in my life.
But our soul can kind of step
back and be more objective
and look at an experience,
and say, OK, I'm
going through this,
because of this.
But in the body,
our conscious minds,
we have a tough time with that,
because we're so emotionally
involved in our lives.
And so when we're going
through a tough experience,
it's hard for us
to detach ourselves
and look at it from
the highest perspective
and say, what is the
wisdom in this experience?
And so that's why
a lot of times, we
don't know what our
soul's plan is, OK?
Because it would be hard
for us to understand it.
And I know that that can
be confusing for people.
People want it a little
more clear than that.
But I'll give you an example.
When I was young,
I was 19 years old,
I was a sophomore in college,
I was engaged to a man.
We had a pretty
dysfunctional relationship,
but I was raised in
an alcoholic family.
And growing up, I had a
lot of dysfunction in me.
I had a lot of--
I had a lot of everything,
a lot of shame about things,
a lot of rage, a
lot of confusion,
very, very low self-worth.
And I attracted to me
people that kind of--
honestly, kind of supported the
way that I felt about myself.
But, you know, he looked
great on the outside.
And I thought, OK, I'll just--
I'll marry this man, and
we'll have lots of kids,
and I'll be a social worker,
and he'll be a lawyer,
and we'll live
happily ever after.
And the whole inside of
me was just like, oh God.
I knew, but I was pretending
not to know what I knew.
And so I was in
this relationship,
and I found out that I was
pregnant, 19 years old, not
married.
Now, back then, in 1968,
that was not a cool thing
to be pregnant and unmarried.
And my attitude at that time,
again, very low self-worth,
I thought, why is
God doing this to me?
Why didn't God prevent this?
If God really loved me, he
wouldn't have made me pregnant.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
But I was raised a
Presbyterian, OK,
and I had the belief that if bad
things happened in your life,
it came from God.
And so I had to look at
my life, because here was
this very painful situation.
And I looked at my
boyfriend and realized--
it was just like the
whole experience just
slapped me in the face.
I thought, oh my
God, I can't do this.
I cannot do this.
As much as here I'm
engaged to this--
everybody thought he
was a wonderful guy.
You know, he had
a lot of promise.
Straight A's in college.
He was going to go
on to be an attorney.
We were going to
have this great life.
But everything just kind
of slapped me in the face,
and I went, whoa,
this is-- well,
I didn't say the
word dysfunction.
Back then, I didn't hear the
word dysfunction back then.
But you just knew.
I knew inside,
this is not right.
And so I had been raised
by a mother who had taught
me to listen to my inner voice.
And I went to my inner
voice and said what do I do?
And my inner voice said,
you have this baby,
and you place him for adoption.
And I said to my
boyfriend, this is
what I have to do as
painful as it was.
Again, throughout my pregnancy,
I felt really, really bad.
I felt like about this high.
How could I do
this to my family?
I felt awful about
doing this to my child,
because my father
had been adopted,
and he had been adopted into a
very, very dysfunctional family
system.
A lot of bad, bad stuff
had happened to my dad.
And so all throughout
the pregnancy,
I had this fear that this was
going to happen to my son.
And so it was a very hard time,
and yet, I mean, I look back,
and I think, so
much pain went on
because of my low
self-worth, because
of how I was looking
at the experience.
I placed my son for
adoption, and it
continued for a long,
long, long, long time
to be a very painful
experience inside.
And I went from thinking, why
did God do that to me to kind
of the new age way of
thinking-- this was back
in the '60s and '70s--
of I must have done
something terrible
to another woman in a past life
to have to give up my child.
I must have taken a child
away from another woman
or something.
And I must have been
really, really bad person
to have had to go
through that experience.
As I continued to heal
myself, my perspective
of that whole
experience changed.
And that's a lot
of what we're doing
is as we heal
ourselves, as we go
through these
painful experiences,
and we heal ourselves,
our perspective changes.
And the more that
we heal ourselves,
then we start to see the
wisdom in the experience.
It's no longer, why
did God do this to me?
It's no longer this happened
to me because I'm a bad person.
It's no longer
this happened to me
because I was a terrible
person in a past life.
Seven years ago, my
inner voice told me
that I could start
to look for my son.
Now, I had asked God ever
since my son turned 18,
I had asked him, can I
start looking for him?
And every time I meditated on
it, I'd hear not yet, not yet.
And I kept working
on myself, and I
kept working on this path.
And I got to a place--
I think it was 1992--
where some major healing
had taken place inside of me
and some big chunks of
self-worth had healed.
And one morning, I woke
up, and a voice said,
you can look for your son now.
You can start to look
for your son now.
And all of the pieces
fell into place for me.
And I met my son.
And we have developed, like, a
totally cool, totally wonderful
mother-son relationship.
And now, my perspective
is completely different.
It's no longer--
none of that happened
because I was a bad person or
because God was punishing me
for having premarital
sex or because I was
a bad person in a past life.
It happened because it happened.
It happened because I gained
so much from the experience.
I came into this lifetime
to do the work that I'm
talking to you about today to
get to develop my abilities,
to do the work that I've done.
My work-- I never had any
other children after that.
My work has been my
life, and I really
believe that that's what's
been important to my soul is
to come in and do the
work that I've done,
develop my abilities,
heal myself.
And believe me,
I'm not there yet.
Still got a ways to go.
This whole self-worth thing, boy
I tell you, it's a tough one.
I came in to do the
work that I'm doing.
But my soul also
wanted to be a mother.
And my son grew up in a
wonderful family who loves him.
They're very grateful for him.
He turned out to be a totally
wonderful human being.
And I think back on what
it would have been like
if I would have raised
him, and I don't think
it would have been so good.
Yeah, I love him,
but I would have been
an extremely overprotective.
I've told him many times, I
would have put you in a room
and kept you in there until you
were 20 and let you out maybe.
I was so--
I didn't I wouldn't have
wanted anything in life
to touch him or hurt him
or give him any pain.
I would have been obsessive.
I had so much dysfunction
in me that had to heal.
And so I see the
reason for that now.
I didn't see it while
I was in the pain,
but as I've healed from
the pain, I can look back,
and I can see it now.
So that's what I mean when
I say that as we heal,
our perspective
changes, and we start
to see these experiences that
we've come in here to have.
We see them differently.
We don't see them through
the eyes of low self-worth.
We don't go through the
pain, thinking I deserve this
because I'm a bad person.
Every one of you in this
room, you come here this week
into the Whole Life
Expo, because there's
a part of you that
wants to learn more,
you want to gain more wisdom.
And there's another part
of you that wants to heal.
Everyone on this planet is
here to heal, all of us.
Well, there's a few angels
walking around on Earth.
I guess, they're already there.
But most of us, all of us,
that's what we come here to do.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
One of the angels
said to me recently--
I heard someone in
a talk said, so how
do we know we came
here to do it,
how do I know, and
the angel said,
you have to tell them that
whatever it is they're
avoiding--
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
That's a good clue right there.
All those things you're kind
of putting off till later, you
know, I'll get to that later.
I remember when I was in
psychic development classes.
And I was a practicing
alcoholic at the time.
Oh, it was unbelievable.
I mean, get drunk
and see dead spirits,
walking around all the time.
It was like-- it was insanity.
But OK, it was the way I did it.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
I remember many, many times
sitting on a bar stool downtown
at Uncle Sam's, and my spirit
guide's coming up to me
and saying, you've got
to stop this nonsense
and get on your path.
Oh, please, leave me alone.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
You've got to get on your path.
You got to get on your path.
That's it.
They'd say that to me,
I swear, 24 hours a day.
You've got to get on your path.
Deal with your alcoholism.
Get on your path.
You know, and I'd be like, would
you guys just leave me alone?
No, we're not going
to leave you alone.
You have things that
you came here to do.
Now, deal with your alcoholism.
Get on your path.
And I used to say to
them, I'm only 24.
Get off my back.
I have a lot of partying to do.
Why did you come
back when I'm 40?
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
When I'm old.
I mean, when you're 24,
you think 40's old, right?
And that was my attitude,
come back when I'm older.
And then I'll-- and
then I'll quit drinking,
because I'll be ready then.
And then I'll get on my path.
No.
And they would not leave
me alone, thank God,
because they're the ones that
just about drove me insane
and finally got into
recovery and got on my path.
But that was the
thing I was avoiding.
You know, it was like every
time, I'd take a drink,
I'd think I know--
it's like, I don't
know how they knew,
but every time I'd
head for the bar,
they'd head down there, too.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
And I'd go to take that drink,
and there they'd be, you know?
You're like, oh God.
And so there was
always this struggle.
And I always thought it was
them that I was struggling with.
But it was inside of me.
I knew-- you know, I could
look back now and see
that I chose to come
into an alcoholic family
because I had been
alcoholic before,
and I had never dealt with it.
I just kept dying a drunk.
It was time to come in and deal
with it and get on your path.
And that's what I came in to do.
And so I chose the
perfect family system
to do that in, except
growing up in it,
again, I thought, why
is God doing this to me?
You know, they say Jesus
loves you, God loves you.
Well, hey, what about me?
OK, so I always saw it
as God didn't love me.
God wasn't protecting me.
And why me?
So for a long time, my life
was about why me, why me,
why me until things
started to change.
And again, as we heal,
our perspective changes.
And then we start to see all the
really cool stuff about life.
I mean, I love-- today, I love
the family that I grew up in.
But I couldn't have said
that for a long time.
I used to think poor
me all the time.
Grew up with two
alcoholic parents.
Come on.
Why me?
I was a very sad person.
I was a very rageful person.
And so there was a
lot of pain to heal,
but I know now that when I
was born into that family,
I already had that
rage inside me.
I already had that pain
there, and my family just
helped to bring it up
to the surface, you see?
So if you could look
into your family systems,
look into your life, look at
the painful situations that
are going on in your life,
and just say, OK, now,
what is the wisdom in this?
Why would the elders
or why would I
have chosen to have this
situation go on in my life?
And then, after we'd
been here, and we've
healed as much as we can,
as much as our souls can,
we lay the body down, and we
go back home, and we rest.
We take a break.
We take a long break.
We take a short break.
They say usually between 60 and
100 years between lifetimes.
Some people come back
quicker, but that's not
advised, because it can
be kind of confusing.
Still have the identity
of the last person.
So we come in.
I mean, we go back, and
we stay on the other side.
And after we're
home for a while,
our heads have kind
of cleared out.
Then we do a life review.
And the life review
takes place over
a long, long, long,
long period of time.
It isn't like something
you go and do in a week.
Again, it has to do with
your perspective, how
you see things.
And you record it all in your
case your Akashic records,
and then you just take a
break, and you hang out
with all those other souls
that on the other side,
because when we
go home, we see--
I mean, think about it.
Just think about
it for a second.
Let's say all of us in this
room have had 300 lifetimes, OK?
Buddha said that
it took 550 lives
before he became the Buddha.
OK, so let's just say that
all of us have had 300 lives.
Think of all the
souls that you know.
It's so cool.
So when we go home,
it's like a big reunion.
You know, hey, I'm
back from school.
Man, you should hear
the things I learned.
Oh, yeah?
And we share it with them.
And we run into old friends.
And it's just like the
coolest thing to go back home.
Death is, unfortunately,
portrayed to us-- well,
of course, to us, it's
our physical body.
You know, we don't
want to think about it.
Like the guide said, when
God created our bodies,
he created our bodies with a
very strong desire to survive.
So we don't want to
hear about death.
But I can tell you,
I can guarantee you
that when it is time for you
to lay down that body and go,
death is probably going to be
the easiest thing you will ever
do, because it's simply--
it's like taking off a sweater.
You just step out of your
body, and you go on home,
and you see all
kinds of friends.
Do you want to here a
cool little baby story?
I just learned this
one the other day.
So I want to tell
everybody the story.
I have a girlfriend
who's pregnant.
Well, she just had her baby,
but girlfriend who's pregnant,
and about a month ago, I
wanted to make the baby
a blanket, and so I wasn't
sure about the timing.
Everybody said-- she had
like three different doctors
and three different due dates.
And so I just said I'd like to
talk to the soul of the baby.
And so that soul
came into my house.
She just came in, totally cool.
And I said, when are
you going to be born?
I said, I want to
make this blanket,
and I just need to know
if I have enough time.
And she said, oh, don't worry.
I have to be on the other
side until at least August 30.
I have to be there August 30.
I have to be there.
I said, OK.
All right, so you're not coming
until after the 30th of August.
That's right.
She says, then after
that, you know,
I can come any time after that.
I have-- OK.
All right, thanks.
Gives me plenty of time.
All right.
So I got the blanket done,
and August 30, my friend
started having contractions.
And I was over channeling the
healing to her because she
had a sinus infection.
And it was really cool.
Into the room-- oh, I
had asked her that day.
What's the big deal
about August 30?
She just looked at me like,
it's none of your business.
OK, sorry.
And she had left.
OK, so that on August 30, I'm
channeling a healing to her,
and a beautiful angel came
into the room, and said,
hello, my name is
Gloria, and I'm
going to be your
daughter's guardian angel.
That's totally cool.
So I told my friend that.
And I said--
I said, where is--
where is the soul?
I mean, today's August
30, and I know something
was real important for her.
And the angel said to
me, today, a friend
of hers who is living
in Pakistan is dying,
and she's going to be coming
over to the other side,
and this soul is the first
soul that this woman is going
to look for, because she
was her granddaughter
in this last life, and
she died when she was six.
And she said, she's going
to be there to greet her
when she comes over, and
they will have a reunion,
and she said it may
take days, and she said,
and when she feels ready
to let her grandmother be
on the other side,
then she will come in.
Isn't that a cool story?
It's like, wow, you know--
and you think about--
you think about all
the goofy things
we do to get somebody
into labor, you know?
Vacuuming, eating Chinese food,
making love, not making love,
running up and down the stairs.
I mean, you do all these things.
Oh, I remember somebody
when I was pregnant,
I was six weeks overdue.
And they used to
say to me, drive her
down some bumpy roads.
Do something.
You know?
And so we do all
these things, right?
But when the soul is
ready, the soul comes in.
And usually, the soul
when they come in,
they come in right
after the baby is born,
or if the mother-- if the
baby's body is kind of stuck.
Then the soul will
actually go in
just before birth to help
its little body come out.
But usually, it is
an adult soul that
is going to be born into
a little baby's body.
They're coming back in to
have a brand new experience.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Two things that are very helpful
for us living on this planet.
I'm sure you've heard
these both before,
but I just want to kind
of drill it in there
just a little bit deeper.
And that is one thing, one
tool that is really important
is to listen to
this voice inside.
All right?
Every one of us, again,
when the guides showed me
our souls, when our souls
were created, they showed me,
OK, each one of us is a soul,
and our soul oftentimes looks,
appears like in body form.
Although they can
be streaks of light.
Have you ever noticed when you
take a picture of somebody,
and you get it back, and
there's all kinds of streaks.
If there's streaks of
light in pictures--
even the movie,
"The Sixth Sense,"
you may have seen that,
when the mother is looking
at the picture of
the little boy,
there's always this
little squiggle line.
That's probably a
soul, all right?
Again, souls are energy,
and they can look any way
that they want.
But usually, when we see
them, when I see them,
they are in a form.
And one thing I'm always
aware of is I see,
I can see inside of our souls
this little light in here.
Looks like our pilot
light actually,
but it never goes out.
It's always there.
And within that light is
a voice, and most of us
refer to that as our intuition.
It's the inner voice.
It's referred to in the Bible as
the still, small voice within.
OK, you can see it.
I mean, I can see it.
When I see a soul, I can see
that little light inside.
And sometimes, with
some people, the light
is much bigger and brighter.
So it changes.
As a person grows
spiritually, that light,
the connection that they feel
to their source gets bigger.
And I've even-- sometimes
when I'm doing a meditation,
and I go in, and I'll focus
on that voice, the light,
the light will just
grow really, really big
and just completely surround me.
And I remember my minister said
one time, just sit and practice
sitting in the presence of God.
And I really didn't know
what that meant at first.
But then, what I
did was I went in,
and I looked inside
that light, and then
the light just grew really big.
I thought, OK, that's
what that means,
just sitting in the
presence of this energy
and feeling that calmness.
Well, inside that energy is
really and truly a voice,
and that's-- you know, a lot
of us think of it as my gut
instinct.
I just have a feeling.
I have a knowing.
And that's this voice in here.
And when you need any kind
of guidance in your life,
you just ask the
universe for help.
And instead of
going to your head,
try going down here, all
right, and listening.
It takes time.
Again, I'm lucky
because I was raised
by a mom, who always taught me,
well, what does it say inside?
You know?
I mean, from mom, what
should I wear on this date?
Well, what does it
say on the inside?
I'd be like, Mom, can't you
just answer the question?
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
No, honey.
You have to learn this.
And so it was
really good for me.
And it'll help you
with everything,
from what should you wear to
when to apply for a job to--
oh gosh, everything,
what bank to go to,
what house to buy, when to
buy, when not to buy, oh gosh,
everything.
I use this voice
inside continually
for any kind of guidance.
And what's cool about it
is it never lies to you.
It has no intention
of lying to you.
This voice inside,
like the guide
said, that we have to get
away from this thinking
that all the pain in our
life was created by God
or given to us by God.
We got to wipe that
kind of thinking out.
It isn't God that has created
these painful experiences
for us.
It's God that wants to help
us through each experience.
And a lot of these experiences
we've asked for and that God
respects our intelligence
enough, so that he doesn't
come-- he/she doesn't
come flying in and say,
you know what, you're too
stupid to have that experience.
You can't have that
experience, or you
haven't gained enough wisdom.
God honors the choices that
we've made, doesn't take them
away and knows that
that's how we learn
the best is by going through
the experiences that we have,
but that this source
that created us,
has said to us
continually, I'll help
you get through these things.
Just ask me for some help.
I'll help you.
You know?
I mean, think about it.
Think about those times in
your life when you say, don't.
I'm going to do this myself.
And then you get
to the place where
you start asking for help, OK?
Again, there's all
these little things.
We come from one attitude,
and we're continually
changing our attitudes and
growing and healing, OK?
And you can reach out, and
you can ask the source inside,
help me, please.
Give me some solutions here.
I don't know what to do.
Help me know what I need to
do to heal this relationship.
Help me know what to
do about my career.
Lead me to the right person to
help me heal this inner pain.
Help me.
You can always ask for that.
And then you just
need to stay open.
You need to stay
out of your head
and stay open to whatever
guidance will come to you,
because I guarantee, you,
you will always get guidance.
Maybe not that same day.
Sometimes the voice inside will
say, just wait a little bit.
You know, timing is a really,
really important thing,
which leads me to the
next important tool.
This one's a
discipline for sure.
What it is is
living a day a time.
I want you to think about the
obituary just for a second,
if any of you
looked at it today.
How many people on
there do you think
knew at the
beginning of the week
that they would be in there
by the end of the week?
It's tough to say, isn't it?
Most of us don't
think about dying.
Most of us think it's
going to happen way
down there somewhere.
And yet, as you know,
death occurs all the time.
It doesn't make sense to us
logically when someone dies.
How many times do
you hear somebody
say, gosh, you know, they
had everything going,
why would they die now?
You know, why did God
do this to them now?
The soul leaves when it's done.
And so what we need
to do is really,
really, really
discipline ourselves
to just focus on today.
There are so many people
on our planet right now
overwhelmed in hospitals
because they're
overwhelmed, taking
a lot of drugs
because they're overwhelmed.
You know, I know all
about overwhelmed.
I used to-- as I've told you.
I drank a lot, and I
took a lot of Valium,
because I was
always overwhelmed.
And I had to learn how
to live a day at a time.
And when you learn how
to live a day that time,
all of a sudden,
life isn't so scary.
It's not so
overwhelming when you
don't have to figure
out all of that today.
If you can really get
in to today Sunday,
September 12th, I'm
sitting in this room,
and then when you get
up and leave the room,
then you go and decide.
It's like if you can really take
it, a moment at a time, life
is not going to be as
overwhelming as it's gotten,
you know?
So many of us are totally
stressed to the max
right now, because there's
so much on our plate.
But we can do it.
We can live here.
We just have to slow our
brains down a little bit.
And you don't have to take
care of Monday on Sunday.
You just have to live on Sunday.
Yeah, you can deal with
Monday when it gets here.
Yeah, you can take notes.
You know, what I do at the end
of the day, as I sit on my bed
and just say, God,
is there anything
I need to know for tomorrow?
And I'll write a little
list, and I'll let it go.
Today is all that we have.
And if we can just
really know that,
because that is the truth.
That really is the truth.
Nobody has guaranteed
any of us in here
we're going be here tomorrow.
So if you can really, really
know that, I know a lot of you
say, yeah, but.
But there isn't
a yeah, but here.
We don't even know
the way to make it
to the end of the
day, no guarantees.
And if we really could
get that, that this is all
I have to live with.
This is all I have to
deal with is today, wow.
Life seems a lot easier.
It's not so overwhelming.
We can find solutions.
That's what you're here
to do this lifetime.
You're here to find solutions
for the pain that's inside.
And again, if you want a clue
as to what you came here to do,
just look in your
life with the things
you're trying not to see, OK?
Look at the things
in your life that you
don't want to deal with, that
you're putting off till later,
and start dealing
with them now, today.
Take it a chunk at a time,
and it really won't be so bad,
I promise.
When we can do it that way, when
we can live by our intuition,
get the guidance that we need,
when we can focus on today,
then this journey here on
Earth really isn't that tough.
And then it's OK to
go after those things
that we don't want to look
at, because then we start
to heal from those things.
And then we actually start
to like our life, you know?
Life is not such a
struggle, and it all
starts to fall into place.
Really works out well.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I'd like to do a little
meditation, just to help
you all relax a little bit.
So why don't you just take
everything off of your laps?
[PEACEFUL BACKGROUND MUSIC]
I want you to take
a nice deep breath.
Just blow it out.
Take one more.
Bring it way deep from
your tummy all the way up,
and just release it.
You've probably lots of
thoughts going on right now,
thinking about dealing
with all the things you
don't want to deal with.
So just let that
all go right now.
Take another nice deep breath.
I want you to focus on your
shoulders for a second.
Just kind of jiggle
them a little bit,
so that they're not so tense.
Remind them that they can relax.
Move your neck a little bit.
Move your head
back and forth just
to loosen it up a little bit.
Take another deep breath.
That's right.
Just let it out.
There's no place else right
now that you need to be.
This is your time to just sit,
relax, and just focus on you.
Focus on your body,
that great physical body
that's helping you to accomplish
all that you came here
to do this lifetime.
Again, nice deep breath.
Just breathe in this
beautiful music.
I'd like you to imagine, and
just use your imagination.
I want you to imagine that
there are angels coming
into this room right now.
There is an angel coming in
for every person in this room,
and they're coming up,
and they're standing.
There's an angel standing
right behind you.
Don't worry about the
person behind you.
They're fine.
An angel comes up, and
they stand behind you,
and they put their
hands on your shoulders.
And I want you to
imagine, again,
using your imagination, one
of your very creative tools.
Imagine a very warm and gentle
heat coming out of their hands
right now.
And the heat begins to
move down your body.
The heat spreads all throughout
your arms, your chest,
your back, your stomach, your
colon, your hips, your thighs,
down your knees, your
legs, down your feet.
It's a very calming, very gentle
energy that the angels have.
And I want you to imagine
the energy around your heart
right now.
It's a very pretty pink color.
The angels, each
one of them, they're
placing one of their hands
on you heart right now.
And I want you to breathe
in healing energy.
Let it go into your heart to
heal some of the old wounds.
And I want you to see the
healing energy going deeper
inside, not just to
your physical body,
but deep inside your soul.
Your angel stands there,
one hand on your shoulder,
one hand on your heart, and the
heat and the love from there
hand goes deeper and
deeper inside your heart
to heal some very old, old
wounds from past lives,
to heal some of
that homesickness
that we all have
for the other side,
to heal some of the
cracks and the breaks
that you've had over a
lifetimes around love.
Just let the healing go deep
inside that heart of yours.
And if tears come up, that's OK.
Don't push them down.
Tears come up to cleanse us.
Tears are a blessing.
I want you to just feel
the calmness right now.
If there is an issue
in your life right
now, or a question
that you have,
I want you to give
it to the angel.
I want you to give it
to them, and then I
want you to just sink even
deeper into your chair,
taking another deep
breath and just
letting yourself
completely relax.
Just feel the healing
taking place inside
in the deepest part of you.
You were created a long,
long, long time ago,
and you've walked
a long, long path
to get where you are today.
And what it's about is
healing all of that old pain,
so that you can open up to
the good that's in your life,
healing the old pain, so that
you know you deserve anything
that you want.
We need to heal the old
pain, so that we no longer
limit ourselves by our
beliefs, by our fears,
by our shame, our
guilt, our rage.
What I'd like you
to do right now
is think of those things
over the last few days
that have been bothering
you on your mind.
I want you to pretend
they're all in your pocket,
and I want you to visualize
taking them out of your pocket
and handing them to
your angel right now.
It's OK.
Angels have big hands.
They've got their hand
open to you right now,
so you go ahead and
put everything in there
that you're tired
of dealing with,
tired of trying to
find a solution to,
all those things
that you feel you
have to find a solution for.
Go ahead.
And now the angel
closes up their hands.
They smile, and they slowly move
back up, slowly moving back up,
leaving the room, taking
your concerns with them.
They're going to work with
you to find solutions.
Your job will be to stay
open to receiving them
in the next couple of weeks.
Once again, look at
that light inside.
It burns brightly.
Become aware of your body,
the weight of your body.
You just felt your soul.
It was a very, very
light, gentle part of you.
And now, you're feeling
your body again,
the weight, the seriousness.
You're feeling how your mind is
limited in how it sees things.
But it's OK.
We're limited in
how we see things
because it helps us to cope.
You're right where
you need to be.
Ask the universe to keep working
with you to help you heal,
and you're going to get there.
You're going to get to the
place where you love your life,
you love who you are, you
feel proud of the person
that you are.
You're on your way there now.
You're doing what
you came here to do.
Just be gentle.
Just be patient with yourself.
You have no idea what
your real history is.
Your soul came in with
a history to heal.
So be patient, and be loving.
And you'll get there.
Take one more deep breath
to connect with your body.
I'm going to count to three,
and when I get to three,
you'll open your eyes.
And you'll stay
mellow, but you'll
feel excited about being here.
One, becoming
aware of the people
around you now, other
bodies, feeling in the room.
Two.
Becoming more aware of
your body, your shoulders,
your neck, the chair
you're sitting in.
Three.
Back in your body completely.
Your mind is clear.
Your body is clear.
And open your eyes
when you feel ready.
popular
Oh, thank you all for coming.
I hope you have a great day, OK?
Bye bye.
[APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]